hey guys josh here from testing 123
reviews with a brand new look of the day
so in the key of D and we're using the
mixolydian mode today and its majority
of it is all Lagarto so starting on the
B string 13th fret pulling off to the 12
and then the 10th fret and then
hammering back on let me go to the high
E string at the root note hammer on to
the major 3rd which is the F sharp on
the fourteenth fret tap the fifth which
is a come off so the first part of that
is when I'm transitioning back to the B
string I just use the left hand hammer
on let me go down to the g string hit
the G on 12 fret pull off to the 11th
fret and then doing your left hand
hammering upon again to the D on the
twelfth fret on route now coming up to
the 10th fret D sliding down
and then hammering onto the tenth fret
of the a string pulling up to the ninth
fret major third and then sliding down
to our root note again so that all
together slowly
so you go there's a nice little
mixolydian line using some the garter
and some tapping again you can take it
into other keys as well so you can
transpose it all over the neck and it
sounds really cool when you put a while
on it
Oh